# Coding-Challenge-Log-Parsing-and-Testing
Scenario
You have been hired as a development testing specialist with a company that performs automotive testing. You have been given a log file that was the result of a recent test and you have been asked to write a program that can both parse and consolidate information in the log file. Even though we have asked our testing team to keep the log file free of any modification, testers have still written comments into the log file itself for future reference. We need your solution to be able to handle this data as well as any other discrepancies that may exist in this log file, or future log files that we use your program to parse.
Primary Technical Requirements
The log file consists of individual messages that are either being sent to the target or being received from the target. It is a requirement that the target responds within a certain timeframe in order to pass our tests. In other words, if an instrumentation attempt isn’t immediately followed by a response, the original anomaly frame caused the target to be unresponsive and a Denial of Service (DoS) failure is present. The way the DoS time is calculated is by taking the difference between the time that the original request was sent and when the target responded. Some examples from the log are shown below for verification.
To be clear a DoS time starts from the original anomaly message before first instrumentation attempt (i.e. the line labeled as an Instrumentation request) and ends at the instrumentation response.
Example:
Test case #5 – DoS time is 0:00:20.184
Test case #415 – DoS time is 0:00:20.167
Test case #1395 – DoS time is 0:00:06:080
Your final implementation should be able to calculate the DoS time for every failed test case in the log, while handling any inconsistencies in the log itself (non-tool generated text such as embedded tester notes as an example). We will consider any DoS time that is within 100ms of the verified time an accurate result (refer to the example above for good verification times). Also, please think about how your program will output the results of the parsed log file and whether or not this is a persistent solution (i.e. outputting results to the console session within the program would not be a good way to record these results for later). The output portion of the assignment is purposely left open-ended.
